well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again if you've been watching this
channel any like the time you've
probably picked up on the fact that I am
pretty up on Foreign Affairs there are
very very few things that surprised me
in that realm I have to admit today's
headlines did surprise me
I did not see John Bolton raising an
ethical objection to anything really but
certainly not to the Trump
administration's actions that I didn't
see that coming but if we are to believe
the headlines which at first I did not I
thought it was satire when I first saw
them and then I checked to make sure
nobody spiked my drink and then I came
here to John Bolton's closet but if we
are to believed the headlines John
Bolton sent out word that he had nothing
to do with what he classified as quote a
drug deal that the Trump administration
was cooking up had nothing to do with it
which is a funny phrase for him to use
given the fact that as assistant
attorney general during the 80s he ran
interference and tried to make sure that
nobody knew about the around Contra
affair which means it mean he covered up
literal drug bills this is a man who
said that his happiest moment in his
professional career was getting the u.s.
out of the ICC the International
Criminal Court because this is a man
that does not want us war criminals to
be held to account and that makes sense
I mean because he he would probably end
up there in 2001 he derailed a
conference that was designed to stop the
spread of weapons of mass destruction
and then shortly thereafter used the
spread of weapons of mass destruction as
a pretext to invade the country
yeah he was also he's been accused of
blackmailing the chief of the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons the allegation is that
he actually threatened the the man's
children now with all of this
information it's easy to write people
like Bolton off as Psychopaths
sociopaths whatever see that's not it
though
it's scarier than that they're true
believers Bolton is a true believer he
truly believes that what he does
protects the American Way of life
believes that he's that thin pinstripe
line between democracy and whatever true
believers are the most dangerous people
on the planet they can rationalize and
justify anything that's how he can have
a resume like this and still sleep
soundly with that information we're left
with three options assuming this
testimony is true the first is that
Bolton grew a conscience while working
for the Trump administration that seems
pretty unlikely the second is that the
Trump administration was engaged in
something so shady the john bolton a guy
who was the architect of war called like
500,000 people well that was just a line
he wouldn't cross seems pretty unlikely
or whatever they were doing
truly jeopardized national security in
the American Way of life those are the
options I definitely think the third is
probably most likely
now that that's been said I would like
to point out that Bolton is a horrible
actor on the international stage he
should have nothing to do with American
foreign policy period ever so even if he
becomes the man who brought down Trump
we need to make sure we don't turn him
into a hero at the end of the day he
knew about it and he didn't come forward
whatever this transgression was that
even registered in John Bolton's mine is
wrong he didn't come forward about it
he kept it quiet even in his most noble
act deceit was at its core anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night